zenith	n. The culminating-point of prosperity, influence, or greatness
malinger	to fake illness or injury in order to shirk a duty 
conciliatory	adj. Tending to reconcile
malleable	adj. Pliant
substantiation	giving facts to support (statement)     
reprobate	n. One abandoned to depravity and sin
amalgamate	v. To mix or blend together in a homogeneous body
pragmatic	practical rather than idealistic
ephemeral	brief, fleeting, evanescent
obdurate	adj. Impassive to feelings of humanity or pity
officious	adj. Intermeddling with what is not one's concern
flout	reject, mock, to go against (tradition), sneer
apathy	n. Insensibility to emotion or passionate feeling
admonish	v. To warn of a fault
irascible	adj. Prone to anger
laud	v. To praise in words or song
equivocal / ate	having a double meaning, suspicious / try to deceive, prevaricate
austere	adj. Severely simple; unadorned
torpor	n. Apathy
laconic	rudely abrupt, blunt, brusk, brusque, curt
inundate	v. To fill with an overflowing abundance
morose	ill-tempered, unsocial          
qualification	n. A requisite for an employment, position, right, or privilege
lucid	adj. Mentally sound
alacrity	n. Cheerful willingness
gouge	tool for cutting grooves in wood      
efficacy	n. The power to produce an intended effect as shown in the production of it
autonomous	adj. Self-governing
impede	v. To be an obstacle or to place obstacles in the way of
extrapolate	to estimate future variables based on past data
ambitious	adj. Eagerly desirous and aspiring
elicit	v. To educe or extract gradually or without violence
veracious	adj. Habitually disposed to speak the truth
luminary	n. One of the heavenly bodies as a source of light
shard	piece of broken earthenware        
impair	worsen diminish in value        
penury	n. Indigence
neophyte	adj. Having the character of a beginner
onerous	adj. Burdensome or oppressive
immutable	adj. Unchangeable
fawn	young deer, try to win somebody's favour,  pander, toady, grovel
implicit	adj. Implied
furtive	marked by stealth, covert, clandestine, surreptitious
tractable	adj. Easily led or controlled
rarefy	to make thin to make less dense to purify or refine 
dogmatic	positive certain arbitrary without room for discussion     
indeterminate	not capable of being determined ; of uncertain or ambiguous nature
esoteric	abstruse, obscure, intended only for a small circle of  people
burgeon	to expand, grow and flourish
exacerbate	to make worse
preamble	n. A statement introductory to and explanatory of what follows
aesthetic	concerning or characterized by an appreciation of beauty or good taste
discordant	conflicting in sound, disharmonious, dissonant
deference	n. Respectful submission or yielding, as to another's opinion, wishes, or judgment
apprise	make aware of, give information or notice to ; Gain in value (of currency)
tenacity	firmness, persistence, adhesiveness, tending to hang on     
precursor	n. A forerunner or herald
irresolute	hesitating, undecided          
attenuate	make thin. Weaken, enervate  
artless	adj. Ingenuous
propitiate / -tory	appease / conciliatory, appeasing, mitigating         
sporadic	marked by irregular intervals, scattered, antonym of intermittent
facilitate	make easier
goad	to urge on
embellish	make beautiful          
flag	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness
ostentation	n. A display dictated by vanity and intended to invite applause or flattery
verbose	adj. Wordy
mendacious	adj. Untrue
conciliatory	adj. Tending to reconcile
savor	v. To perceive by taste or smell
emulate	to simulate, imitate ; strive to equality
contentious	argumentative, combative, quarrelsome, pugnacious, bellicose
abate	to lessen, to subside        
gainsay	to deny, to oppose
abscond	v. To depart suddenly and secretly, as for the purpose of escaping arrest
pedantic	bookish, showing off, learning        
zealot	n. One who espouses a cause or pursues an object in an immoderately partisan manner
foment	put something warm (to lessen pain) ; to stir up public opinion, instigate
secrete	hide away or cache, produce or release a substance
commensurate	equivalent, corresponding in size or degree ; fitting, appropriate to
reticent	adj. Habitually keeping silent or being reserved in utterance
insularity	narrow-mindedness, state of being isolated or detached
effrontery	n. Unblushing impudence
refractory	adj. Not amenable to control
conundrum	a riddle, dilemma, enigma        
frugal	careful spender, economical, thrifty, stinting 
plasticity	n. The property of some substances through which the form of the mass can readily be changed
banal	adj. Commonplace
convoluted	complicated, coiled, twisted, labyrinthine   
dissonance	n. Discord
desultory	adj. Not connected with what precedes
enervate	weaken, deprive of strength, attenuate       
condone	forgive           
dissemble	v. To hide by pretending something different
impervious	adj. Impenetrable
anarchy	n. Absence or utter disregard of government
belie	v. To misrepresent
dissolution	n. A breaking up of a union of persons
craven	cowardly person, pusillanimous
contention	a point asserted as part of an argument
coagulate	v. To change into a clot or a jelly, as by heat, by chemical action, or by a ferment
guile	deceit cunning          
strut	a supporting bar         
chicanery	legal trickery, deception,  shenanigan, guile, foxiness / false argument
misanthrope	person who hates mankind        
dormant	adj. Being in a state of or resembling sleep
exigency	urgent situation
subpoena	(sa-pi-na) written order requiring a person to appear in a low court 
vituperate	curse, abuse in words, berate, upbraid, reproach
fledgling	young and inexperienced, young bird that has become capable of flying
ingenuous	adj. Candid, frank, or open in character or quality
euphemism	an inoffensive expression that is substituted for one that is considered offensive
ambiguous	adj. Having a double meaning
precarious	adj. Perilous
implode	burst inward
proliferate	grow, reproduce by rapid multiplication       
pervasive	adj. Thoroughly penetrating or permeating
rescind	v. To make void, as an act, by the enacting authority or a superior authority
discernible	adj. Perceivable
boorish	adj. Rude
implacable	incapable of being placated, unpleasable       
obsequious	adj. Showing a servile readiness to fall in with the wishes or will of another
refute	disprove, to successfully argue against
insipid	without taste or flavor, bland, vapid
discredit	state of being held in low esteem, damage the reputation of
indigence	n. Poverty
disseminate	v. To sow or scatter abroad, as seed is sown
propensity	natural inclination, proclivity, aptness
alleviate	v. To make less burdensome or less hard to bear
intractable	obstinate, unmanageable, froward, refractory, recalcitrant, intransigent
recluse	n. One who lives in retirement or seclusion
malleable	adj. Pliant
intransigence	refusal of any compromise; stubbornness
lethargic	drowsy, lazy; indifferent
loquacious	adj. Talkative
transgress	v. To break a law
delineate	v. To represent by sketch or diagram
disparage	v. To regard or speak of slightingly
obviate	v. To clear away or provide for, as an objection or difficulty
fatuous	without sense, foolish, self-satisfaction        
burnish	v. To make brilliant or shining
assiduous	adj. Diligent
dupe	cheat make a fool of       
aesthetic	concerning or characterized by an appreciation of beauty or good taste
contentious	argumentative, combative, quarrelsome, pugnacious, bellicose
desultory	adj. Not connected with what precedes
gregarious	living in societies, liking the company, social
castigate / -ion	to chastise correct by punishing / severe punishment          
presumptuous	adj. Assuming too much
inchoate	adj. Incipient
invective	n. An utterance intended to cast censure, or reproach
soporific	producing sleep, somnific, somnolent, slumberous
endemic	epidemic ; prevailing to people living in a particular location
metamorphosis	n. A passing from one form or shape into another
facilitate	make easier
exculpate	to clear from a charge of guilt     
distill	v. To extract or produce by vaporization and condensation
denigrate	defame, belittle, sully, disparage, detract
maverick	rebel, nonconformist          
impassive	adj. Unmoved by or not exhibiting feeling
innocuous	adj. Harmless
compendium	a concise but comprehensive summary of a larger work, collection
facetious	humorous, funny, jocular         
levity	n. Frivolity
forestall	prevent by taking action in advance, preempt     
resilience	n. The power of springing back to a former position
supersede	v. To displace
impair	worsen diminish in value        
idolatry	worship of idols; excessive admiration
stipulate	state or put forward as a necessary condition    
daunt	intimidate make fearful         
anachronism	n. Anything occurring or existing out of its proper time
agile	adj. Able to move or act quickly, physically, or mentally
agitate	v. To move or excite (the feelings or thoughts)
alchemy	n. Chemistry of the middle ages, characterized by the pursuit of changing base metals to gold
alias	n. An assumed name
alienate	v. To cause to turn away
aliment	n. That which nourishes
allegiance	duty, support, loyalty         
aloof	adv. Not in sympathy with or desiring to associate with others
ambidextrous	adj. Having the ability of using both hands with equal skill or ease
amenable	adj. Willing and ready to submit
amicable	adj. Done in a friendly spirit
amity	n. Friendship
amnesty	a pardon, warrant granting release from punishment for an offense
amorous	adj. Having a propensity for falling in love
amorphous	adj. Without determinate shape
anathema	n. Anything forbidden, as by social usage
ancestry	n. One's ancestors collectively
anecdote	n. A brief account of some interesting event or incident
anemia	n. Deficiency of blood or red corpuscles
anesthetic	adj. Pertaining to or producing loss of sensation
anguish	severe suffering        
angular	adj. Sharp-cornered
animate	v. To make alive
animosity	n. Hatred
annihilate	v. To destroy absolutely
annuity	n. An annual allowance, payment, or income
anomalous	Deviating from the general or common order or type
antagonism	n. Mutual opposition or resistance of counteracting forces, principles, or persons
reversion	n. A return to or toward some former state or condition
gust	outburst of feeling sudden rain wind fire etc.    
coercive	adj. Serving or tending to force
nadir	lowest point on celestial sphere, extreme state of adversity, ant. of zenith
vanquish	conquer           
auxiliary	n. One who or that which aids or helps, especially when regarded as subsidiary or accessory
petrify	v. To convert into a substance of stony hardness and character
enervate	weaken, deprive of strength, attenuate       
nugatory	adj. Having no power or force
skirmish	n. Desultory fighting between advanced detachments of two armies
caprice	n. A whim
inconsiderable	adj. Small in quantity or importance
taut	adj. Stretched tight
sequent	adj. Following in the order of time
pedigree	n. One's line of ancestors
commission	v. To empower
choleric	adj. Easily provoked to anger
candor	n. The quality of frankness or outspokenness
urchin	n. A roguish, mischievous boy
colander	bowl-shaped vessel with many holes used to drain off water  
fracas	noisy quarrel        
scurrilous	adj. Grossly indecent or vulgar
inveigh	v. To utter vehement censure or invective. speak or write about (something) with great hostility.
penury / -urious	extreme poverty / poor, pinched, impecunious; stingy, parsimonious
graphologist	has interests in handwriting
dissension	n. Angry or violent difference of opinion
pungency	n. The quality of affecting the sense of smell
propitious	adj. Kindly disposed
rhetoric	n. The art of discourse
lattice	n. Openwork of metal or wood, formed by crossing or interlacing strips or bars
temporal	adj. Pertaining to or concerned with the affairs of the present life
emancipate	free from slavery or servitude,give equal rights to minorities, manumit
dilettante	n. A superficial amateur
impromptu	n. Anything done or said on the impulse of the moment
deport	v. To take or send away forcibly, as to a penal colony
astringent	adj. Harsh in disposition or character
qualm	n. A fit of nausea
jocular	adj. Inclined to joke
disquiet	v. To deprive of peace or tranquillity
rampant	adj. Growing, climbing, or running without check or restraint
confer	v. To bestow
millet	n. A grass cultivated for forage and cereal
philander	v. To play at courtship with a woman
whet	v. To make more keen or eager
bodily	adj. Corporeal
sidelong	adj. Inclining or tending to one side
appraise	v. To estimate the money value of
separatist	n. A seceder
oakum	n. Hemp-fiber obtained by untwisting and picking out loosely the yarns of old hemp rope
plummet	n. A piece of lead for making soundings, adjusting walls to the vertical
noxious	adj. Hurtful
regent	n. One who is lawfully deputized to administer the government for the time being in the name of the ruler
disclaim	v. To disavow any claim to, connection with, or responsibility to
sagacity 	wisdom, knowledge, or insight, often gained from years of experience. 
orthodox	adj. Holding the commonly accepted faith
corrigible	adj. Capable of reformation
dissentious	adj. Contentious
valedictory	n. A parting address
sociology	n. The philosophical study of society
monogamy	n. The habit of pairing, or having but one mate
deface	v. To mar or disfigure the face or external surface of
incandescence	n. The state of being white or glowing with heat
cede	v. To pass title to
repudiate	v. To refuse to have anything to do with
peremptory	adj. Precluding question or appeal
cant	v. To talk in a singsong, preaching tone with affected solemnity
divest	v. To strip, specifically of clothes, ornaments, or accouterments or disinvestment
regale	v. To give unusual pleasure
effeminacy	n. Womanishness
indigent	adj. Poor
quartet	n. A composition for four voices or four instruments
mellifluous	adj. Sweetly or smoothly flowing
aghast	adj. Struck with terror and amazement
splice	join (two ends)         
exuberance	state of growing vigorously being full of life    
archaeology	n. The branch of anthropology concerned with the systematic investigation of the relics of man
clumsy	adj. Awkward of movement
sluggard	n. A person habitually lazy or idle
specious	adj. Plausible
grandiloquent	Lofty in style, magniloquent, pompous, pontifical, portentous, overblown
corrosion	n. Gradual decay by crumbling or surface disintegration
discard	v. To reject
philosophize	v. To seek ultimate causes and principles
precipitate	v. To force forward prematurely
exacerbate	to make worse
labyrinth	n. A maze
lucid	adj. Mentally sound
divulge	v. To tell or make known, as something previously private or secret
iridescent	adj. Exhibiting changing rainbow-colors due to the interference of the light
dendroid	adj. Like a tree
incise	engrave make a cut in       
lewd	adj. Characterized by lust or lasciviousness
aberration	n. Deviation from a right, customary, or prescribed course
