contumacy	n. Contemptuous disregard of the requirements of rightful authority
honorarium	n. A token fee or payment to a professional man for services
abet	v. To aid, promote, or encourage the commission of (an offense)
antistrophe	n. The inversion of terms in successive classes, as in "the home of joy and the joy of home"
mince	pronounce or speak affectedly, euphemize       
inculcate	fix firmly by repetition        
perambulate	v. To walk about
bedizen	to adorn, especially in a cheap and showy manner    
utilitarianism	n. The ethical doctrine that actions are right because they are useful or of beneficial tendency
disyllable	n. A word of two syllables
duplicity	n. Double-dealing
lassitude	weariness, tiredness          
obstetrician	n. A practitioner of midwifery
pitiless	adj. Hard-hearted
dolorous	adj. Expressing or causing sorrow or pain
laudable	adj. Praiseworthy
edict	n. That which is uttered or proclaimed by authority as a rule of action
stint	to be thrifty, frugal,  to set limits      
pernicious	adj. Tending to kill or hurt
primer	n. An elementary reading-book for children
deign	do something that one considers to be beneath one's dignity.
condescend	v. To come down voluntarily to equal terms with inferiors
delectable	adj. Delightful to the taste or to the senses
deleterious	adj. Hurtful, morally or physically
deluge	v. To overwhelm with a flood of water
delude	v. To mislead the mind or judgment of
fallacious	based on error, apocryphal
sybarite	n. A luxurious person
hedonist	indulges in or enjoys pleasure
paltry	insignificant, petty, trifling
mead	n. A meadow
squat	crouch ; settle without permission       
plenteous	adj. Abundant
cornucopia	n. The horn of plenty, symbolizing peace and prosperity
plethora	glut, Extreme excess      
germane	relevant, pertinent to, apt   
apposite	adj. Appropriate
decrepit	adj. Enfeebled, as by old age or some chronic infirmity
onus	n. A burden or responsibility
obelisk	n. A square shaft with pyramidal top, usually monumental or commemorative
