quixotic	adj. Chivalrous or romantic to a ridiculous or extravagant degree
salacious	adj. Having strong sexual desires
impermeable	that cannot be permeated        
ripplet	n. A small ripple, as of water
partisan	adj. Characterized by or exhibiting undue or unreasoning devotion to a party
mellifluous	adj. Sweetly or smoothly flowing
allege	v. To assert to be true, especially in a formal manner, as in court
punctilious	adj. Strictly observant of the rules or forms prescribed by law or custom
censure	expression of blame or disapproval, a rebuke     
witling	n. A person who has little understanding
penurious	adj. Excessively sparing in the use of money
reliquary	n. A casket, coffer, or repository in which relics are kept
pennant	n. A small flag
sanctimonious	adj. Making an ostentatious display or hypocritical pretense of holiness or piety
contumacy	n. Contemptuous disregard of the requirements of rightful authority
honorarium	n. A token fee or payment to a professional man for services
abet	v. To aid, promote, or encourage the commission of (an offense)
antistrophe	n. The inversion of terms in successive classes, as in "the home of joy and the joy of home"
mince	pronounce or speak affectedly, euphemize       
incumbent/s / -ncy 	official who holds an office/official duties / term of office, tenure
perambulate	v. To walk about
bedizen	to adorn, especially in a cheap and showy manner    
bedizen	to adorn, especially in a cheap and showy manner    
anhydrous	adj. Withered
adjacency	n. The state of being adjacent
utilitarianism	n. The ethical doctrine that actions are right because they are useful or of beneficial tendency
disyllable	n. A word of two syllables
duplicity	n. Double-dealing
lassitude	weariness, tiredness          
obstetrician	n. A practitioner of midwifery
later	adv. At a subsequent time
pitiless	adj. Hard-hearted
nascent	coming into existence emerging        
seminal	like a seed, constituting a source, originative     
dolorous	adj. Expressing or causing sorrow or pain
laudable	adj. Praiseworthy
edict	n. That which is uttered or proclaimed by authority as a rule of action
stint	to be thrifty, frugal,  to set limits      
pernicious	adj. Tending to kill or hurt
primer	n. An elementary reading-book for children
